Translation corrections (#282)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/toki_003.txt

//rそして、その家が彼の目的地だと知って、軽く驚いた顔を浮かべたものだ…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、その家が彼の目的地だと知って、軽く驚いた顔を浮かべたものだ…。",

> 			NULL, "And then, she looked up with surprised when she learned said home was actually his own destination...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And then, she looked up in surprise when she learned said home was actually his own destination...", Line_Normal);
```
